# September 27th - Group Meeting Notes

## Team Lead - 1st Rotation 

As a group, we have decided that Adrian Pawlowksi will be 1st Team Lead in the rotation. 

## PDRR & Presentation

We  talked about how should we divide the work for the PDRR and the associated presentation assignments. Below is the task distribution for the PDRR:

- Project Summary (Odilon Quevillon)
- Need for this Project (Odilon Quevillon)
- Problem Statement and Deliverables (Yagiz Idilman)
- Visualization (Adrian Pawlowsk)
- Competing Technologies (Odilon Quevillon)
- Engineering Requirements (Gabriel Brown)
- Appendix/References (ALL)
 
 * We discussed that although we have assigned tasks for each member above, we will weigh in on each other's parts for a second view and assistance.

 * We have also decided that for the presentation,; each member will contribute the slide that corresponds to the section we worked on in the PDDR report

## ML vs. Traditional Approach in Trading Comparison

Odi and Yagiz, will be focusing on the traditional trading approach, utilizing technical indicators to analyze their effectiveness in predicting market movements. They plan to observe various indicators and report on their accuracy over time, providing insights into their reliability.

On the other hand, the ML team, Gabe and Adrian, will explore the capabilities of machine learning, particularly the initial stages of Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM) models. They will assess how well these models perform in forecasting market trends compared to traditional methods.

Ultimately, our goal is to meet and compare our findings, evaluating the strengths and weaknesses of both approaches to determine which one delivers better results in our trading strategies. This collaborative effort will help us gain an understanding of each method's potential in the trading landscape and how we move forward with our Project Objective.

## Setting the Groundwork for our next meeting 

- We set a tentative day to meet again for **October 7th**:

 * We talked and agreed to have the following deliverables by then:
    - PDRR & Presentation
    - ML vs. Traditional Approach in Trading Comparison 


## Things to Keep in Mind 

- We always need to keep in mind what the project will help us solve! We don't want to deviate from our Project Objective. 
- How do people make money from quantitative trading?
- A significant problem we might face as we develop our understanding and our algorithm is overfitting! We will explore this as we move forward. 


